Geometry Dash Mini, https://youtu.be/6b-GW9SvB4s
-Nathan Yao
Description: This project is the Geometry Dash Mini. Taken from the 
world-renowned game, Geometry Dash, this project is a simpler version of 
Geometry Dash with a few changes and features. The basis of the game is for the 
player block to dodge obstacles thrown at it with jumping and other power-ups 
provided such as invincibility and jetpack. The key features that involved 
complexity are the two power-ups, gravity affected jumping, trail for loop 
animation, and rectangle/triangle collision. 


How to run the project: Make sure VSCODE, python3, os, and pathlib, are all 
installed on the computer. The whole codebase folder should be opened in VSCODE. 
All the files should be run through main.py. Type "python3 main.py" in your local 
terminal and the Geometry Dash Mini game should pop up in a window. 


Mouse clicking:  The only mouse clicking should be done on the menu screen and 
the difficulty screen. The difficulty is always set onto slow if the difficulty 
is not chosen through the difficulty screen. Click on the play button to start 
the game or click on the difficulty button to select a difficulty. Selecting a 
difficulty automatically goes back to the menu. 


Key presses, holds, and releases: The only keys needed for this program is the 
space bar and the 'm' key. When clicking play with your mouse, you will need to 
click space to jump. The space bar hold has no use until you pick up a jetpack 
power up. In this case, holding will make the player block go up and letting go 
will let it fall. After dying, clicking 'm' will direct you back to the home 
screen where all setting will go back to default except for the high scores for 
each difficulty. 

Features to be aware of: There are 5 types of obstacles: spike, floor, double 
spike, triple spike, and top spike. All hostile obstacles are colored red, 
meaning that if touched, you will die. Floor is the only blue obstacle, meaning 
that you are able to land on it. But beware, if running into or jumping 
diagonally onto the floor will result in death as well. The way to get the 
powerups is for you to overlap the powerup entirely. When invincibility is on, 
you will have a random time of 1-10 seconds of invincibility of which you will 
able to still land on floor but you can also go through obstacles without dying.
Furthermore, when recieving jetpack powerup, your block will fall straight down 
if the space bar is not held. If block reaches the top of the map, it will 
result in death so be careful. 

Have Fun!
